Copyright 2015 Martin Sidaway

All authors, contributors, and holders of copyright in this repository hereby
grant (to the extent to which they have the power to do so) all recipients of
the repository a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright and patent (but not trademark) license to make absolutely
any use of the content of the repository, and the copyrights and patentable
inventions embodied in it, as though it (and the inventions) were in the public
domain. This includes but is not limited to the rights to use for any purpose,
copy/reproduce in any form, modify or produce derivative works, merge, publish,
distribute modified/derived or unmodified copies for any purpose with or
without fee, sublicense, sell, offer to sell, import or otherwise transfer,
publicly perform or display, make, have made, etc. If you modify your copy of
this repository, preserving this notice, and then redistribute the modified
version, or intentionally submit modifications to be merged into this
repository, then in so doing you assert that the notice automatically applies
to the modified repository/the modifications and all patentable inventions
embodied therein.

THIS REPOSITORY IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE REPOSITORY OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
REPOSITORY.
